README.md, before:

# 🚔 ER:LC API Wrapper

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/erlc-api?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/erlc-api)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/erlc-api?style=flat-square)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/erlc-api?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/erlc-api)

[🇪🇸 Versión en Español](README_ES.md)

A lightweight, complete, and **fully typed** library for interacting with the *Emergency Response: Liberty County* (ER:LC) API. Designed to provide the best development experience in both JavaScript and TypeScript.

---

## ✨ Features

- 🎯 **Full Coverage**: Support for 100% of the API v1 endpoints.
- 🛡️ **TypeScript Support**: Native type definitions included.
- ⚡ **Lightweight & Fast**: No unnecessary heavy dependencies.
- 🔒 **Secure**: Robust token validation and error handling.
- 🆕 **Up-to-date**: Support for optional `GlobalToken` (v3.2.0+).

## 📦 Installation

```bash
npm install erlc-api
# or
bun add erlc-api
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Initialization

You can use the library with or without a `Global Token` (required only for large-scale applications).

**JavaScript**
```javascript
const erlc = require("erlc-api");

// Simple initialization (Recommended for most users)
const client = new erlc.Client();

// Or with Global Token (For Large Apps)
// const client = new erlc.Client({ globalToken: "..." });
```

**TypeScript**
```typescript
import { Client, getServer } from "erlc-api";

const client = new Client();
```

---

## 📖 Usage Examples

Make sure to have your `Server Key` ready (get it from your private server settings in ER:LC).

### 🖥️ Server Information

```javascript
const serverToken = "your-server-key-here";

// Get server status
const server = await erlc.getServer(serverToken);
console.log(`Server: ${server.Name} | Players: ${server.CurrentPlayers}/${server.MaxPlayers}`);

// Get connected players
const players = await erlc.getPlayers(serverToken);
console.table(players); // Shows name, ID, permission, and team

// Get vehicles on the map
const vehicles = await erlc.getVehicles(serverToken);
```

### 📜 Logs

Access your server's activity history:

```javascript
// Join/Leave Logs
const joinLogs = await erlc.getJoinLogs(serverToken);

// Kill Logs (Killfeed)
const killLogs = await erlc.getKillLogs(serverToken);

// Command Logs
const commandLogs = await erlc.getCommandLogs(serverToken);

// Mod Call Logs
const modCalls = await erlc.getModcallLogs(serverToken);
```

### 🛠️ Management & Administration

```javascript
// Get Ban List
const bans = await erlc.getBans(serverToken);

// Get Server Staff
const staff = await erlc.getStaff(serverToken);

// Get Queue
const queue = await erlc.getQueue(serverToken);
```

### ⚡ Run Command

Execute commands directly from your code:

```javascript
const command = await erlc.runCommand(serverToken, ":announce This is an API test!");
console.log(command); // Returns true if successful
```

---

## ⚠️ Error Handling

The library throws descriptive errors. You should wrap your calls in `try/catch` blocks.

```javascript
try {
  const data = await erlc.getServer("invalid-token");
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error.message); // e.g., "Forbidden: Access denied..."
}
```

| Error Code | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `401` | Unauthorized (Invalid Token) |
| `403` | Forbidden (Permissions issue) |
| `429` | Rate Limit Exceeded |
| `500` | Internal Server Error |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add Electron GUI client and update docs
Introduced a new Electron-based visual client under examples/electron-app, including all necessary source files and dependencies. Updated README.md and README_ES.md with instructions and details for the new GUI tool. Adjusted .gitignore to exclude new example and test files.

README.md, after:

# 🚔 ER:LC API Wrapper

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/erlc-api?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/erlc-api)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/erlc-api?style=flat-square)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/erlc-api?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/erlc-api)

[🇪🇸 Versión en Español](README_ES.md)

A lightweight, complete, and **fully typed** library for interacting with the *Emergency Response: Liberty County* (ER:LC) API. Designed to provide the best development experience in both JavaScript and TypeScript.

---

## ✨ Features

- 🎯 **Full Coverage**: Support for 100% of the API v1 endpoints.
- 🛡️ **TypeScript Support**: Native type definitions included.
- ⚡ **Lightweight & Fast**: No unnecessary heavy dependencies.
- 🔒 **Secure**: Robust token validation and error handling.
- 🆕 **Up-to-date**: Support for optional `GlobalToken` (v3.2.0+).

## 📦 Installation

```bash
npm install erlc-api
# or
bun add erlc-api
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Initialization

You can use the library with or without a `Global Token` (required only for large-scale applications).

**JavaScript**
```javascript
const erlc = require("erlc-api");

// Simple initialization (Recommended for most users)
const client = new erlc.Client();

// Or with Global Token (For Large Apps)
// const client = new erlc.Client({ globalToken: "..." });
```

**TypeScript**
```typescript
import { Client, getServer } from "erlc-api";

const client = new Client();
```

---

## 📖 Usage Examples

Make sure to have your `Server Key` ready (get it from your private server settings in ER:LC).

### 🖥️ Server Information

```javascript
const serverToken = "your-server-key-here";

// Get server status
const server = await erlc.getServer(serverToken);
console.log(`Server: ${server.Name} | Players: ${server.CurrentPlayers}/${server.MaxPlayers}`);

// Get connected players
const players = await erlc.getPlayers(serverToken);
console.table(players); // Shows name, ID, permission, and team

// Get vehicles on the map
const vehicles = await erlc.getVehicles(serverToken);
```

### 📜 Logs

Access your server's activity history:

```javascript
// Join/Leave Logs
const joinLogs = await erlc.getJoinLogs(serverToken);

// Kill Logs (Killfeed)
const killLogs = await erlc.getKillLogs(serverToken);

// Command Logs
const commandLogs = await erlc.getCommandLogs(serverToken);

// Mod Call Logs
const modCalls = await erlc.getModcallLogs(serverToken);
```

### 🛠️ Management & Administration

```javascript
// Get Ban List
const bans = await erlc.getBans(serverToken);

// Get Server Staff
const staff = await erlc.getStaff(serverToken);

// Get Queue
const queue = await erlc.getQueue(serverToken);
```

---

## 🖥️ Visual Client (Dev Tool)

We include a GUI tool built with Electron so you can test all API endpoints without writing code. Ideal for verifying your keys and exploring data.

![Electron App Preview](https://via.placeholder.com/800x450.png?text=ERLC+API+Client+Preview)

### How to use it?

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Exodo0/ERLC-API.git
cd ERLC-API
```

2. Run the visual client:
```bash
npm run gui:dev
```

The app allows you to:
- Save your credentials (Server Token / Global Token).
- Test **all** endpoints with a single click.
- View formatted and colored JSON responses.
- Run remote commands on your server.

---

### ⚡ Run Command

Execute commands directly from your code:

```javascript
const command = await erlc.runCommand(serverToken, ":announce This is an API test!");
console.log(command); // Returns true if successful
```

---

## ⚠️ Error Handling

The library throws descriptive errors. You should wrap your calls in `try/catch` blocks.

```javascript
try {
  const data = await erlc.getServer("invalid-token");
} catch (error) {
  console.error(error.message); // e.g., "Forbidden: Access denied..."
}
```

| Error Code | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `401` | Unauthorized (Invalid Token) |
| `403` | Forbidden (Permissions issue) |
| `429` | Rate Limit Exceeded |
| `500` | Internal Server Error |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
